[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> This week on Gaia on "Open
Minds with Regina Meredith"--
>>REGINA MEREDITH: What kind of
entities were you dealing with?
>>BONNI MCCLISS:
So many, actually.
Just this
inter-dimensional highway.
>>REGINA: You say basically, I'm
not crazy, I just see things.
>>MCCLISS: She said, I don't
think you're schizophrenic.
I think something
else is going on.
She said, I think
you're psychic.
Through my psychic
development, I
knew that I had to
be super present,
because psychic information
only comes in the now.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>MCCLISS: It was almost an
electrified way of being human.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>>GEORGE NOORY: Were you born
with these mystic healing
abilities?
>>SONJA GRACE: I've
been able to see
all levels of the astral plane
since I was a little kid.
>>NOORY: Are you a
time traveler as well?
>>GRACE: When I
experience time travel,
it is a total physical
body experience.
We have moved into
the fifth dimension.
So it's a much higher frequency,
it's much more intense,
and we, as a species, have never
navigated this kind of energy
before.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>>TIM: Germany has a long
history of time traveling
attempts, at least.
And is it possible?
Yes, 100%.
Einstein basically dealt with
the question and other physics.
Has it been done?
Yes.
Basically, the
answer, the question
is, do you time
travel by technology
or do you time travel by
the natural possibilities
that the universe itself has?
>> On a new "Into The
Vortex with Jimmy Church"--
>>SCOTT WOLTER: First
of all, as a scientist,
I just want it to be right.
Whatever the answer
is is the answer.
And I want it to be the truth.
And frankly, we have been
fed a boatload of lies
about the history
of our country.
Everybody was here
before Columbus.
And what's at stake
here really is not just
getting the past right but
getting the present right.
And the way we get it
right is by understanding
what happened in the past
that leads to the future
so that we can go forward.
>> New series.
>> Listen to the sound
of your own heart,
to the sound of
your inner presence.
>> Only on Gaia.